Remove unused Makefile.pylib files. (#1632)
cocotb/cocotb: documentation/source/newsfragments/1632.removal.rst

> ``Makefile.pylib`` has been removed.
> In case ``PYTHON_LIBDIR`` or ``PYTHON_INCLUDEDIR`` have been used, they now have to be set by the user (see the ``endian_swapper`` example).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
``Makefile.pylib``, which provided helpers for building C extension modules for Python, has been removed.
Users of the ``PYTHON_LIBDIR`` and ``PYTHON_INCLUDEDIR`` variables will now have to compute these values themselves.
See the ``endian_swapper`` example for how to do this.
```
